#### 一、引自stackoverflow

> https://stackoverflow.com/a/54514457
> 
> 1. `mvn clean install` [INFO] Total time: **01:05 h**
> 2. `mvn clean install -DskipTests` [INFO] Total time: **18:35 min**
> 3. `mvn clean install -Dmaven.test.skip -DskipTests` **[INFO] Total time: 10:58 min**
> 4. `mvn -T 1C clean install -Dmaven.test.skip -DskipTests` [INFO] Total time: **04:00 min**
> 5. We can also skip the javadoc to be generated as **Archmed commented** by adding **-Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true** `mvn -T 1C clean install -Dmaven.test.skip -DskipTests -Dmaven.javadoc.skip=true`
> 6. Dont use **imports**, on IntelliJ, choose > Analyze > Run inspection by name > **imports** , to find all **imports** and correct it.
> 7. Remove all **unused imports** in your project > on Intellij > Analyze > Run inspection by name > unused imports
> 8. Remove all **unused code** (classes, variable, field, parameter, etc..), on Intellij : Analyze > run inspection by name > unused declaration.
> 9. Upgrade to **last JAVA VERSION**
> 10. I have found that the task **mvn clean**, is taking 2 minutes to clean the TARGET folder before building. I did create a new task called **quickclean**, and i am using it instead of clean, this way `mvn -T 1C quickclean install -Dmaven.test.skip -DskipTests` . This new task quickclean is only **renaming the build folder** from TARGET to TARGET-yyyy-MM-dd-HH-mm(*what is VERY FAST*). So now, every time you make a new `mvn quickclean install...`, you have a folder with the time of the build. **The inconvient**, it's that this may take **a lot of space on the hard disk**, so you have to clean all this directories sometimes. So for that i have created another task called: **trashclean**, to put all this folder to trash. I am running this tasks maybe on time per week. or month, depending on my work `mvn trashclean`.

#### 二、引自Wiki

> Maven 3.x has the capability to perform parallel builds. The command is as follows:
> 
> 1）**mvn -T 4 clean install**
> 
> Builds with 4 threads
> 
> 2）**mvn -T 1C clean install**
> 
> 1 thread per cpu core
> 
> 3）**mvn -T 1.5C clean install**
> 
> 1.5 thread per cpu core

#### # 参考

1. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32368976/ways-to-make-maven-build-faster
2. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MAVEN/Parallel+builds+in+Maven+3