## 一、依赖解析

> The core of Maven 3 uses [Aether](http://github.com/sonatype/sonatype-aether) for dependency resolution. Aether employs a different approach to calculate the transitive dependencies and is meant to fix some of the trickier (conflict) resolution issues within Maven 2.x.
>
> In practice, this change can result in different class paths especially for projects with big/complex dependency graphs. For instance, projects that erroneously have conflicting dependencies on their classpath might encounter build issues depending on the classpath order. See [JETTY-1257](http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/JETTY-1257) for a concrete example of this issue.
>
> Furthermore, not all parts of the Maven 2.x resolution API could be bridged onto Aether. Most notably the `maven-dependency-tree` shared component which is used for `mvn dependency:tree` still uses the legacy resolution code. As such, the output from `mvn dependency:tree` can differ from the actual dependency tree used by Maven itself to derive the classpaths of a project (see [MSHARED-167](http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MSHARED-167) for an example of such a discrepancy). For now, the actual dependency trees can be inspected when running Maven with debug logging enabled.
>
> Last but not least, Maven 3 inspects the POMs of all matching versions when processing version ranges to enable sophisticated conflict resolution.

Maven3.x的core使用Aether进行依赖解析，其于Maven2.x表现不一致。也就是说使用maven2和maven3对一个项目构建时结果可能不一致。

有些插件仍在使用老的解析API，如`mvn dependency:tree`使用的maven-depdency-tree共享组件。这就导致通过`mvn dependency:tree`的结果与Maven core计算的依赖树不同。

## 二、插件仓库

> Maven 3 aims at supporting a stricter separation between the compile/runtime/test dependencies of a project and the plugins used to build the project. For this reason, build extensions, plugins and plugin dependencies are no longer resolved from the `` of a project but only from its ``.

Maven3开始插件的依赖只会从plugin仓库获取，目的是为了隔离插件和项目构件，简化运维工作。

## #、参考

1. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MAVEN/Maven+3.x+Compatibility+Notes